ah
hello sure is I got stuck between
letters and I bring you a new section in
my channel that is called top 10 of the
books that I 'm destined to read but still not
I read this section will be changing
it depends on the months it's going to be a month a
thing one month the other but all referred
to the top 10 so I hope you like it
the first is what's left of james bond
I had only shown them in a but hall and
I had told them that I had hardly
had had a crush on this
book and I was so eager to read it
I wanted to start reading it last month
but I felt that it was not the moment
indicated to start reading it by the
theme that has and effort that what
I've been postponing but I really have
too eager to read it and that's why
I put in this top 10 the next book
I want to read is Veronica wolf
I was murdering this book I bought it the month
gone and I have too much desire to
read it this book is about fantasy
epic with dragons swords and all that
they already know that I love it and it's
why I am fascinated by this theme that
I want to read it already although I can not find the
time but I'm sure it's going to be 9
the first ones that I'm going to read this month or
the month that follows
and that's why I put him in this ranking
the next thing I want to read is good sense
and feelings for jane austen as already
I told them pride and prejudice was a
very big discovery for me I thought
that I was not going to like it at all but
jane austen managed to surprise me very much
and that's why one of the books that
more I feel like reading from her is that
thesis feelings apart from that it is very
bearable to take into account the
context in which this is written
history and many people dijieron me
what is before that feeling was a book
that they loved even more than pride and
prejudice and that's why I have so many
want to read it the next book I have
eager to read is Harry Potter and
the secret chamber just in case rowling
this book is the second book of the
saga and as you know I had never given
a lot of balls to everything that is the world
from harry potter heart the teachers
start in the first book and I loved it
everyone in which everything is
the world of harris let rum mining and
that's why one will have to read the
second book to see how it continues
this story that both managed to trap me
the next in the book that I want to read
is the name of the wind by patrick wolf
your days because this book is the
favorite of many people told me
which is an epic fantasy that achieves
completely pass the prejudices that
has the people who manage to surprise
much
and it's a book that catches you it's because of you
people to read it but tucked back a little
knowing the size of this book and the
size of the second book that is double
of this and that's why I'm throwing a
little back but I really have
really want to read it because I
I want it is excellent crossed letters
for frames to use is another book I have
eager to read and that's because
that of books is a book that has
delighted by his way of writing by
his way of catching people who
they are reading it and that's why I have so many
want to read it apart it is a
totally different theme so
I want to see how it is that surprises me this
Author
again insomnia of jrr hanson is a
book that I really want to read
that has a very different theme to
what we are used to
about dreams and everything that is the
psychological thriller and that's something that
it calls me too much attention but I
throw a little back the fact of knowing that
it's a trilogy and I do not know when they're going to
get the other books and I'm afraid of
to stay in the middle of eager to
keep reading because I know it's going to
like a lot for the theme that has
tradition by scott westerfeld is another
book that I want to read but I 'm not
totally safe because there are many
varied opinions there are people who
they say that
at the hands of people who say what
they hate and I do not know what effort
feelings towards this book and not
I know if I want to read
but I really know it's a book that I
you can draw attention and effort
I'm so eager to read it while
I think these form delight of your the
what is a book that was waiting
for a long time and I was a long time
saving to be able to buy melon and it's
that this book is that in life goes to
achieve to surprise is a link of beauty
sleeper that is a past history
the one in your mind but it's set in
the current time that's something that calls me
very much attention and I have so much
people read what I can not even
explain I'm trying to do in a
time to read it and that's why
that I put it in the top 10 the last book
of this top 10 is shadow city case
of bone this book is pretty much a
cheat because that they had already read it was
the first saga that I read after
'twilight' that was a book that
introduced in the in the reading but what
I want to reread goes in cycle to perform
the whole saga because I forgot almost
all the details up to the important ones
and that's why I think I have to
give this book a try and the
others to be able to know more or less how
follow this story because I stayed in the
book 4 then
but the first one for this is
start so well that was all
I hope you liked this new
section on my channel also from
subscribe to visit my networks
I send them a huge kiss and the
bye I love you very much
so good is what I have